Scrum:- Scrum is an Agile software development framework that enables a team to communicate and self-organize.
Scrum is a framework for solving problems and completing tasks in increments. 
Developers use it to take on complex projects by breaking them into smaller tasks.

Product owner:- A product owner is a role on a Scrum team that is responsible for the project's outcome. 
The product owner seeks to maximize a product's value by managing and optimizing the product backlog.
The product owner (PO) or product manager is usually responsible for creating, maintaining, and organizing the product backlog. 

product backlog:- A product backlog is a prioritized list of work for the development team that is derived from the roadmap 
and its requirements. The most important items are shown at the top of the product backlog so the team knows what to deliver first.

Two R's in product backlog:-
1.roadmap
2.requirements
--> Roadmap initiatives break down into several epics, and each epic will have several requirements and user stories. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Scrum Master: The scrum master is basically the project manager on the team, who keeps track of individual and overall progress 
and helps the team achieve maximum efficiency within scrum rules. They perform important functions like holding daily standup meetings, 
hosting sprint planning sessions, assessing team members’ progress. 

Sprint backlog:

A sprint backlog is a subset of the product backlog and lists the work items to complete in one specific sprint. 
The purpose of the sprint backlog is to identify items from the product backlog that the team will work on during the sprint. 
This occurs during the sprint planning process.



Sprint:- A sprint is a short, time-boxed period when a scrum team works to complete a set amount of work.

->A sprint cycle is a repetitive process that the scrum master and the scrum team must follow throughout the course of a sprint. 
  It consists of five elements in total: sprint planning, daily scrum, sprint review, and sprint retrospective

1.Sprint Planning: The planning session is where the stakeholders and the development team sit together to determine the sprint goal. 
                   This is also where they figure out how the work will get done by defining the user stories to focus on during this iteration.

2.Daily Scrum: The daily standup is a way for project managers or scrum masters to stay in the loop with all the team members’ activities and progress. 
               At the start of every day, the project manager holds a standup session where each team member reports on their work so far and 
               addresses any roadblocks they might have encountered.

3.Sprint Review: During the review session, the agile team showcases their work throughout the sprint to stakeholders and other team members. 
                 This is the chance to address any discrepancies or disagreements before the work hits production.

4.Sprint Retrospective: At the end of the sprint cycle, the team exchanges ideas about what went right and wrong with the current cycle and
                        suggests ways to improve on the upcoming sprint. It’s an opportunity to learn from your mistakes and further refine the sprint cycle.
