
Test Plan:-

In software development, a test plan defines your testing team’s test strategy, goals, 
and scope, which ultimately work together to ensure that all your software components are tested sufficiently before a release. 

Six steps to create an efficient test plan:-

Define the release scope
Schedule timelines 
Define test objectives
Determine test deliverables
Design the test strategy
Plan test environment and test data

Define the release scope:-
-------------------------
defining the features or functions that need to be included in the release, 
considering any constraints and dependencies that can affect the release, and determining what type of release it is.

Schedule timelines:- 
-------------------
Specify release deadlines to help you decide your testing time and routine.

Define test objectives:-
------------------------
A test objective is a reason or purpose for designing and executing a test.
These objectives ultimately help guide and define the scope of testing activities.

Measure testing with the right metrics:-

->Metrics assess the overall quality of a release, the progress of your testing, 
and the effectiveness of your testing (for a particular test cycle or the entirety of your testing). 

->They provide visibility into your testing process and overall product quality, 
ultimately helping your team decide if your release is ready to ship.

-->Defect Density = Defect count/size of the release (lines of code)
ex:- If your software has 150 defects and 15,000 lines of code, 
its defect density is 0.01 defects per line of code.

Determine test deliverables:-
------------------------------
Test deliverables are the products of testing that help track testing progress. 
Deliverables should meet your project’s and client’s needs, be identified early enough to be included in the test plan,
and be scheduled accordingly. 

-> TestRail is test plan software designed to make it easy to follow best practices for test plan development. 

Design the test strategy:-
----------------------------
->Identify testing types

Test strategy helps determine test cost, test effort, and which features will be in-scope (planned to be tested) 
versus out-of-scope (not planned to be tested).

->manual testing:- smoke testing, exploratory testing , usability testing of new features
->Automation testing:- unit testing, regression testing for existing features, integration testing 
-> other:- performance testing, sescurity testing, accessability testing

 Plan the test environment and test data:-
------------------------------------------

Planning a test environment guarantees precise and robust testing. 
The test environment includes hardware, software, and network configurations for software testing

